Add raft metrics (#621)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.20.x/content/partials/telemetry-metrics/vault/raft/thread/main/saturation.mdx

> Metric type | Value       | Description
> ----------- | ----------- | -----------
> gauge       | percentage  | Approximate proportion of time the main raft goroutine could not accept new work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### vault.raft.thread.main.saturation ((#vault-raft-thread-main-saturation))

Metric type | Value       | Description
----------- | ----------- | -----------
gauge       | percentage  | Approximate proportion of time the main raft goroutine could not accept new work

High saturation of the raft goroutines can increase latency in the rest of the
system and cause cluster instability. We recommend a steady-state saturation
less than 50%.
```

> gauge       | percentage  | An approximate measurement of the proportion of time the main Raft goroutine is busy and unavailable to accept new work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gauge       | percentage  | Approximate proportion of time the main raft goroutine could not accept new work
```

### vault.raft.thread.main.saturation ((#vault-raft-thread-main-saturation))

Metric type | Value       | Description
----------- | ----------- | -----------
gauge       | percentage  | Approximate proportion of time the main raft goroutine could not accept new work

> High saturation of the raft goroutines can increase latency in the rest of the
> system and cause cluster instability. We recommend a steady-state saturation
> less than 50%.

Author: ```suggestion
High saturation of the raft goroutines can increase latency in the rest of the
system and cause cluster instability.
```
